Privacy Policy (Olacabs India)

Your privacy matters to ANI Technologies Private Limited (the “Company”, “we”, “Ola”, or “us”).

This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, process, use, share and protect information about

you. It also tells you how you can access and update your information and make certain choices

about how your information is used.

The Privacy Policy covers both “online” (e.g., web and mobile services, including any websites

operated by us such as https://www.olacabs.com/ or Mobile Application, however accessed and/or

used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) and “offline” (e.g., collection

of data through mailings, telephone, or in person) activities owned, operated, provided, or made

available by the Company. Our “online” and “offline” activities, in relation to facilitation of taxi hire

services through a network of third party drivers and taxi operators, are collectively referenced as

the “Services”. This Privacy Policy also applies to your use of interactive features or downloads

that: (i) we own or control; (ii) are available through the Services; or (iii) interact with the Services

and post or incorporate this Privacy Policy.

BY ACCEPTING THE CUSTOMER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS

OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Please review the following carefully so that you understand our

privacy practices. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not accept the Customer Terms

and Conditions or use our Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the

Customer Terms and Conditions.

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through email address provided

on our website and/ or Mobile Application.

1. DEFINITIONS

Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the terms capitalized in the Privacy Policy shall

have the meaning as provided hereunder:

o “Co-branded Services” shall have the meaning assigned to the term in paragraph 4(c) hereto.

o “Device” shall mean computer, mobile or other device used to access the Services.

o “Device Identifier” shall mean IP address or other unique identifier for the Device.

o “Mobile Application” shall mean application provided by us on the Device to access the Services.

o “Mobile Device Information” shall have the meaning assigned to the term in paragraph 2(d)(ii)

hereto.

o “Promotion” shall mean any contest and other promotions offered by us.

o “Protected Information” shall mean such categories of information that could reasonably be used

to identify you personally, including your name, e-mail address, and mobile number.

o “TFS” shall mean Serendipity InfoLabs Private Limited, a company incorporated under the

Companies Act 1956, and having its corporate office at 3rd Floor, Salarpuria Tower 2, No. 32,

Luskur Hosur Road, Next to Forum Mall, Bangalore- 560095 which expression shall, unless it be

repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all our successors,

affiliates and permitted assigns.

o “TPSP” shall mean a third party service provider.

o “Usage Information” shall have the meaning assigned to the term in paragraph 2(b)(i) hereto.

2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

o INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US

We may ask you to provide us with certain Protected Information. We may collect this information

through various means and in various places through the Services, including account registration

forms, contact us forms, or when you otherwise interact with us. When you sign up to use the

Services, you create a user profile. We shall ask you to provide only such Protected Information

which is for lawful purpose connected with our Services and necessary to be collected by us for

such purpose.

The current data fields that might be requested for are:

▪ Email

▪ Password

▪ Name

▪ Address

▪ Mobile phone Number

▪ Zip Code

o INFORMATION WE COLLECT AS YOU ACCESS AND USE OUR SERVICES

▪ In addition to any Protected Information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we

and our TPSP may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain

information whenever you visit or interact with the Services (“Usage Information”). This Usage

Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to our Services,

all of the areas within our Services that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. In

addition, we collect your Device Identifier for your Device. A Device Identifier is a number that is

automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Services, and our computers identify

your Device by its Device Identifier.

▪ In case of booking via call centre, Ola may record calls for quality and training purposes.

▪ In addition, tracking information is collected as you navigate through our Services, including, but

not limited to geographic areas. The driver’s mobile phone will send your GPS coordinates, during

the ride, to our servers. Most GPS enabled mobile devices can define one’s location to within 50

feet.

▪ Usage Information may be collected using a cookie. If you do not want information to be collected

through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. Cookies

can be disabled or controlled by setting a preference within your web browser or on your Device.

If you choose to disable cookies or flash cookies on your Device, some features of the Services

may not function properly or may not be able to customize the delivery of information to you. The

Company cannot control the use of cookies (or the resulting information) by third parties, and use

of third party cookies is not covered by our Privacy Policy.

o INFORMATION THIRD PARTIES PROVIDE ABOUT YOU

We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you through our website

or Mobile Application or Services with outside records from third parties.

o INFORMATION COLLECTED BY MOBILE APPLICATIONS

▪ Our Services are primarily provided through the Mobile Application. We may collect and use

technical data and related information, including but not limited to, technical information about your

device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate

the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to such

Mobile Applications.

▪ When you use any of our Mobile Applications, the Mobile Application may automatically collect

and store some or all of the following information from your mobile device (“Mobile Device

Information”), in addition to the Device Information, including without limitation:

▪ Your preferred language and country site (if applicable)

▪ The manufacturer and model of your mobile device

▪ Your mobile operating system

▪ The type of mobile internet browsers you are using

▪ Your geolocation

▪ Information about how you interact with the Mobile Application and any of our web sites to which

the Mobile Application links, such as how many times you use a specific part of the Mobile

Application over a given time period, the amount of time you spend using the Mobile Application,

how often you use the Mobile Application, actions you take in the Mobile Application and how you

engage with the Mobile Application

▪ Information to allow us to personalize the services and content available through the Mobile

Application

▪ Data from SMS/ text messages upon receiving Device permissions for the purposes of (i) issuing

and receiving one time passwords and other device verification, and (ii) automatically filling

verification details during financial transactions, either through us or a third-party service provider,

in accordance with applicable law. We do not share or transfer SMS/ text message data to any

third party other than as provided under this Privacy Policy.

3. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

o Our primary goal in collecting your information is to provide you with an enhanced experience

when using the Services. We use your information to closely monitor which features of the Services

are used most, to allow you to view your trip history, rate trips, and to determine which features we

need to focus on improving, including usage patterns and geographic locations to determine where

we should offer or focus services, features and/or resources.

o Based upon the Protected Information you provide us when registering for an account, we will send

you a welcoming email to verify your username and password.

o We use the information collected from our Mobile Application so that we are able to serve you the

correct app version depending on your device type, for troubleshooting and in some cases,

marketing purposes.

o We use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server,

and to administer our web site(s). Your IP address is used to help identify you, but contains no

personal information about you.

o We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary

to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send

you an email. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.

o We may use the information obtained from you to prevent, discover and investigate violations of

this Privacy Policy or any applicable terms of service or terms of use for the Mobile Application,

and to investigate fraud, chargeback or other matters.

o We provide some of your Protected Information (such as your name, pick up address, contact

number) to the driver who accepts your request for transportation so that the driver may contact

and find you. The companies for which drivers work (that are providing the transportation service)

are also able to access your Protected Information, including your geo-location data.

o We also provide your information to the other users who shall be travelling with you in the vehicle

assigned to you, should you choose any pooled vehicle feature of our Services.

o We use that geo-location information for various purposes, including for you to be able to view the

drivers in your area that are close to your location, for you to set your pick up location, for the

drivers to identify the pick up location, to send you promotions and offers, and to allow you (if you

choose through any features we may provide) to share this information with other people.

o In addition, we may use your Protected Information or Usage Information that we collect about

you: (1) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested

or agreed to receive including to send you electronic newsletters, or to provide you with special

offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties; (2) to enable you to participate in a

variety of the Services’ features such as online or mobile entry sweepstakes, contests or other

promotions; (3) to contact you with regard to your use of the Services and, in our discretion,

changes to the Services and/or the Services’ policies; (4) for internal business purposes; (5) for

inclusion in our data analytics; and (6) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your

information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

o We may share the information collected from you with TFS if you choose to avail of any

transportation services offered by TFS on the Mobile Application.

o We may use the information collected from you for targeted advertising. This involves using

information collected on an individual's web or mobile browsing behavior such as the pages they

have visited or the searches they have made. This information is then used to select which

advertisements should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than our web

site(s). The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID (alphanumeric number);

it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as their

name, address or credit card number.

4. HOW AND WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES

We do not sell, share, rent or trade the information we have collected about you, other than as

disclosed within this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your information. Following are the

situations when information may be shared:

(a) WHEN YOU AGREE TO RECEIVE INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIES.

You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers directly

from third parties. If you do agree to have your Protected Information shared, your Protected

Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to

the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies

and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and

practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them. If you later

decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact

that third party directly.

(b) THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING SERVICES ON OUR BEHALF

We use third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, provide or perform certain

aspects of the Services on our behalf – such as drivers and companies they work for to provide

the Services, other third parties including TFS to host the Services, design and/or operate the

Services’ features, track the Services’ analytics, process payments, engage in anti-fraud and

security measures, provide customer support, provide geo-location information to our drivers,

enable us to send you special offers, host our job application form, perform technical services (e.g.,

without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement

of the Services‘ features), or perform other administrative services. These third parties will have

access to user information, including Protected Information to only carry out the services they are

performing for you or for us. Each of these third parties including TFS are required to ensure the

same level of data protection as us and are obligated not to disclose or use Protected Information

for any other purpose.

Analytics TPSPs may set and access their own cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts on

your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including

non-personally identifiable information.

We use a third party hosting provider who hosts our support section of our website. Information

collected within this section of our website by such third party is governed by our Privacy Policy.

(c) CO-BRANDED SERVICES.

Certain aspects of the Services may be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-

Branded Services”) such as sponsors and charities, and may require you to disclose Protected

Information to them. Such Co-Branded Services will identify the third party. If you elect to register

for products and/or services through the Co-Branded Services, you shall have deemed to consent

to providing your information to both us and the third party. Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded

Service with a username and password obtained through our Services, your Protected Information

may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Service and will be subject to

their posted privacy policies.

(d) CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS

We may offer Promotions through the Services that may require registration. By participating in a

Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific

requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice

and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter

a Promotion, you agree that your Protected Information may be disclosed to third parties or the

public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner

selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules,

such as on a winners list.

(e) ADMINISTRATIVE AND LEGAL REASONS

We cooperate with Government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and

comply with the law. Thus, we may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information

(including Protected Information, IP address, Device Information or geo-location data), to

Government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we reasonably determine is

necessary and appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, Governmental

requests or legal process; (ii) to protect and/or defend the Terms and Conditions for online and

mobile Services or other policies applicable to any online and mobile Services, including

investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of

the Company, our Services or any third party; (iv) to protect the safety of the public for any reason;

(v) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and /or (vi) to prevent

or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally

actionable activity.

(f) WHEN YOU SHARE INFORMATION

Protected Information may be collected and shared with third-parties if there is content from the

Mobile Application that you specifically and knowingly upload to, share with or transmit to an email

recipient, online community, website, or to the public, e.g. uploaded photos, posted reviews or

comments, or information about you or your ride that you choose to share with others through

features which may be provided on our Services. This uploaded, shared or transmitted content will

also be subject to the privacy policy of the email, online community website, social media or other

platform to which you upload, share or transmit the content.

(g) BUSINESS TRANSFER

We may share your information, including your Protected Information and Usage Information with

our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons, including business and operational

purposes. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a

subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Services or applicable database; or (ii) in

connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our

membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any

due diligence process.

(h) MARKET STUDY AND OTHER BENEFITS

We may share your information, including your Protected Information and Usage Information with

third parties for any purpose, including but not limited to undertaking market research/ study,

conduct data analysis, determine and customize product or service offerings, to improve the

products or Services or to make any other benefits/products/ services available to you.

(i) WITH THE OWNER OF OLA ACCOUNTS THAT YOU MAY USE

If you use an account or profile associated with another party we may share the details of the trip

with the owner of the profile. This may occur:

A. If you use your employer’s profile under a corporate arrangement;

B. If you take trip arranged by a friend.

5. THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SERVICES

The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may

collect website usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from any online or

mobile Services are served to your browser. In addition, when you are using the Services, you

may be directed to other sites or applications that are operated and controlled by third parties that

we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third

parties. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click may take you away from

one of our websites onto a different web site. These other web sites may send their own cookies

to you, independently collect data or solicit Protected Information and may or may not have their

own published privacy policies. We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to

read the privacy statements of all third party web sites or applications before submitting any

Protected Information to third parties.

6. SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES AND WIDGETS

Our online and mobile Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like

button, and widgets such as a “Share This” button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our

online and mobile Services. These features may collect your IP address, photograph, which page

you are visiting on our online or mobile Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to

function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted

directly on our online Services. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by

the privacy policy of the company providing them.

7. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY DRIVERS

This Privacy Policy shall not cover the usage of any information about you which is obtained by

the driver or the company to which the driver belongs, while providing you a ride on a cab booked

using the Services, or otherwise, which is not provided by us.

8. CHANGE OF INFORMATION AND CANCELLATION OF ACCOUNT

(a) You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as

your contact information provided as part of account registration. If your Protected Information

changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend

information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us

through through email address mentioned on our website or Mobile Application. We will make good

faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably

practicable.

(b) You may also cancel or modify your communications that you have elected to receive from the

Services by following the instructions contained within an e-mail or by logging into your user

account and changing your communication preferences.

(c) If upon modifying or changing the information earlier provided to Us, we find it difficult to permit

access to our Services to you due to insufficiency/ inaccuracy of the information, we may, in our

sole discretion terminate your access to the Services by providing you a written notice to this effect

on your registered email id.

(d) If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide

you services, contact us through through email address mentioned on the trip bill received. We will

retain your Protected Information and Usage Information (including geo-location) for as long as

your account with the Services is active and as needed to provide you services. Even after your

account is terminated, we will retain your Protected Information and Usage Information (including

geo-location, trip history, and transaction history) as needed to comply with our legal and regulatory

obligations, resolve disputes, conclude any activities related to cancellation of an account,

investigate or prevent fraud and other inappropriate activity, to enforce our agreements, and for

other business reason. After a period of time, your data may be anonymized and aggregated, and

then may be held by us as long as necessary for us to provide our Services effectively, but our use

of the anonymized data will be solely for analytic purposes.

9. SECURITY

The Protected Information and Usage Information we collect is securely stored within our

databases, and we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices such

as encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Socket Layers) for protecting your information. However,

as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee

the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be

intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet or wireless communication, and any

information you transmit to the Company you do at your own risk. We recommend that you not

disclose your password to anyone.

10. GRIEVANCE OFFICER

Ola hereby appoints Ola Support Manager as the grievance officer for the purposes of the rules

drafted under the Information Technology Act, 2000, who may be contacted

at support@olacabs.com. You may address any grievances you may have in respect of this privacy

policy or usage of your Protected Information or other data to him.

11. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY

From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information

practices. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified

in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective.

We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy

practices. 